# nationalbanknetwork
In this project we will primarily focus on design and implementation of National Bank National Network suing Cisco Packet Tracer (CPT). Security breach in the sector of banks is one of the most important concerns that needs to be addressed in the first place since loss of information can lead to huge losses to the bank overall. 
This project will help us curb such concerns by understanding the regulated flow of information/data. We will consider a national bank which has its head offices located in big cities like New York and Minneapolis. The other small buildings (banks) will be present in major cities like New Haven, East Haven and International sites like Toronto which is located in Canada since good accessibility to customers is mandatory. These small buildings in each state will be connected through LANs. Apart from this, VLANs and WANs will automatically be a part of the project networking since we are working on a National Level Bank Network. 
Additionally, bank machines will be made available all around each city in specific to ensure better reach and reliable services to the people. Employees use a special software to access user accounts. The level of access to advanced resources within the bank varies from employee to employee based upon several criteria which include the designation of the employee, criticality of the information etc. 
The typical servers, mail, web, files and directories will be made available to all the employees to understand the flow of work within the bank.
